_______________________________________________________________________________

              THE SMILETEMPLATES.COM TEMPLATES LICENSE TERMS AND USE
_______________________________________________________________________________

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

Read carefully the following Terms and Conditions. When you purchase or use our
products that implies that you have read and accepted Terms and Conditions
given here.

LICENSE
Our website grants you a nonexclusive limited license to use the templates and
other products sold through our web site by independent contact providers (the
"products") in accordance with these Terms and Conditions (the "license")
issued by our company.

    * LIMITED USAGE GRANTED
      You may use each individual product on a single project only, belonging
to either you or your client. You have to purchase the same template once more
in order to make another project with the same design.

    * MODIFICATIONS
      You are authorized to make any necessary modification(s) to our products
that you purchased to fit your purposes.

    * UNAUTHORIZED USE
      You may not place any of our products, modified or unmodified, on a
diskette, CD, website or any other medium and offer them for redistribution or
resale of any kind without prior written consent from SmileTemplates.com

    * ASSIGNABILITY
      You may not sub-license, assign, or transfer this license to anyone else
without prior written consent from SmileTemplates.com

    * OWNERSHIP
      You may not claim intellectual or exclusive ownership to any of our
products, modified or unmodified. All products are property of independent
content providers. Our products are provided "as is" without warranty of any
kind, either expressed or implied. In no event shall our juridical person
be liable for any damages including, but not limited to, direct, indirect,
special, incidental or consequential damages or other losses arising out of the
use of or inability to use our products.

OUR REFUND POLICY
Since SmileTemplates.com is offering non-tangible irrevocable goods we do not
issue refunds after the product is shipped, which you are responsible for
understanding upon purchasing any article at our site. Please make sure that
you've carefully read 'Template includes' section and Template Features page.
We only make exceptions with this rule when the product appears to be
not-as-described on a case by case basis in agreement of the parties concerned.
The deadline for any refund claim is one week after the delivery date.

ANTIFRAUD CHECK
Customer purchase can be suspended for manual antifraud check for 10-20 minutes
as well as it can be suspended for longer term for more serious investigations.
Antifraud check occurs because of growing number of fraud transactions from
persons who are not actual cardholders of the credit cards used during
purchase.

Our company reserves the right to change or modify these terms with no prior
notice.
_______________________________________________________________________________
